General and lower officials are willing to lead the whole county's soldiers and civilians to defend the city to the death
Never let that demon take half a step forward
Just you
I also want to stop the demon army
Put away your young and strong soldiers
Although this general joined the army, King Qin
But
How does this work?
The soldiers are gone
What about the people in the city?
Follow
Can't keep up
Just let them die
How does this work?
Many people will die
General, your lives matter
Is the emperor's life still important?
Take a good look
This is the first prince's fold
now
The first prince committed treason against state power
how
Are you trying to disobey?
This
This can't be done.
general
This
If we leave like this
This Enron County is the only way for the Beiwu Army
There we go.
The people of the Beiwu Army
You won't make it to next spring at all
general
This is equivalent to
I bypassed most of the freaks with my own hands
general
Hey, it's not a good thing.
I see you as an official
Don't even think about it.
Two people
Send him to jail
Inherit me you should be damned
So many lives
You have sinned
Please ask the Emperor of Zhou to be foolish
I, the King of Jingzhou, hahaha.